Getting the union of N lists: Do you think it is more efficient to join them all together, then turn it into a set? Or reduce a union over them (unioning one by one basically)
Ah, yes I caught it. Just got back
The network here is pretty funny (spyey)
Biber!
This guy
Bye patchwork
Okay, still in first movement
Hahahahaha
I love it
Experimental 17th century. It is the funny part of experimental music, that it always has vestiges of the current music of the time
Like it needs a starting point to jump off from
You can tell this guy was pushing the boundaries of music.... even this third movement sounds nothing like baroque music
justin_smith: Who are these context free composers?
justin_smith: That is awesome. I still never record myself because I have never once listened to myself playing
Never
I really should give it a shot again
Okay, I just thought about it more, I have listened to recordings of my playing, but that was performances or something
I guess I should say I have never done what you are doing, just record myself practicing and then actually listen to it
: )
Yeah, it is a great discipline to have
justin_smith: Best clojure kafka client? I am looking at this one: https://github.com/gerritjvv/kafka-fast
At least, it is the most recently updated
Ha : ) I actually suspected you might say that after I asked
Ahhh got it. Yeah that sucks. Okay, straight kafka it is
No I like it, thanks for the advice
I remember something like that
Is this another story about how terrible my code is?  : D
I vaguely recall. The past is a hazy thing, but I am following you
Ha! Shut up
clj-fuzzy
Was this a bad wrapper around a well-behaved java lib?
That is awesome. I love to hear about how much you have improved the system after I left
So do you just get to hang around and tune servers all day, or are you guys adding features as well?
That thing must be getting pretty badass now. justin_smith: will you please extract all these great patterns into an open source library so the code is not lost for all time?
I'll just keep asking you until it happens : )
Ha! That is kind of funny actually
screw "fullcontact"
Bah
I loved that job, but it was shit like that that eventually broke me
justin_smith: I need to start recording myself and listening to it every morning, and you need to start extracting your code into modular libraries ; )
Okay, I am kind of serious
I am getting the recorder set up when I get home
I did a lot of research on it, and it still works perfectly last time I used it to record the voiceover on our kickstarter video
I love that thing
Although I thought by now people would have improved the technology enough to make that thing obsolete?
Good to hear that is not the case
Can't you just apply a filter to the pure signal if you want that? That make no sense to me
Ah I see, pffffffffffff
justin_smith: Well, it's true you can't compete with audio that is recorded directly onto living flesh
33333
justin_smith: I would read that
Then you have the teams around the world trying to decipher it
Making almost right bombs that have horrible side effects
Hahaha wow that would be really good
justin_smith: Are you going to write this book? I think you should
The mad genius who starts to believe all the obfuscation and goes way further than is healthy
departing utterly from reason
Yeah, the conflict between what gets people into math (beauty in simplicity) and having to oppose that for survival....
Ha, haven't read any Umberto Eco
Do you have one you recommend?
Interesting, thanks for the lead, I'll add it to my list
Does that mean it is fairly religious then?
33333
You guys coming by Lucky Lab tonight? : )
You are invited at least
333333333
Ah, no worries at all!
Great to see the music!
That was a great show
Which one was that?
I had to leave during the second set
The girl with the waterfall?
That was really good yeah
I had to bail early as it was the last night my family was in town
What happened after that?
Man, that is a pretty serious barrier to entry
There has to be a way to organize setup so it is not so laborious?
Weird right
I am thinking some kind of color coding system, so you work out all the details of setup beforehand, and when you are at the venue you just connect all the colors together
Or something. My ignorance here is vast
Ah I see
debugging hardware at the venue
Fun!
Wow, nutso
I can see how that would screw with things
3333333
